chore: add small how to diagram section (#3804)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: yellow-paper/docs/intro.md

Some of the info we need to populate this document might have already been written in the top-level `docs/` dir of the monorepo. But the target audience is different. Reduce verbose prose. Remove monorepo code snippets (but note that simple pseudocode snippets to explain a protocol concept are fine). Don't describe components of the sandbox (that's an implementation detail and doesn't belong in this doc).

## Diagrams
To increase the probability of diagrams being up to date we encourage you to write them in `mermaid`. Mermaid is a markdown-like language for generating diagrams and is supported by Docusaurus, so it will be rendered automatically for you. 

> You simple create a codeblock specifying the language as `mermaid` and write your diagram in the codeblock. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You simply create a codeblock specifying the language as `mermaid` and write your diagram in the codeblock. For example:
```

```txt
```mermaid
graph LR
    A --> B
    B --> C
    C --> A
```

```mermaid
graph LR
    A --> B
    B --> C
    C --> A
```

> Mermaid support multiple types of diagrams so finding one that suite your needs should be possible. Consult their [documentation](https://mermaid.js.org/intro/getting-started.html) or try out their [live editor](https://mermaid.live/) to see if they got what you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mermaid supports multiple types of diagrams, so finding one that suits your needs should be possible. Consult their [documentation](https://mermaid.js.org/intro/getting-started.html) or try out their [live editor](https://mermaid.live/) to see if they've got what you need.
```

> When writing class diagrams, we recommend using the `classDiagram` type and composition arrows `*--` to represent extensions. Also for the sake of readability, add all the components in the class itself, also if their are a composite. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing class diagrams, we recommend using the `classDiagram` type and composition arrows `*--` to represent extensions. Also for the sake of readability, add all the components in the class itself, including composite types. For example:
```

> ```txt

Reviewer: What does ```txt do?

Author: Just there fore rendering the txt verbosely such that the diagram was outlined in code and then rendered, in case people are looking at the doc and not looking at the source.

```mermaid
classDiagram
    class A{
        foo: Bar
    }
    class B{
        hip: Hap
        zap: Zip
    }
    class C{
        a: A
        b: B
        flip: Flap
    }
    C *-- A: a
    C *-- B: b
```

```mermaid
classDiagram
    class A{
        foo: Bar
    }
    class B{
        hip: Hap
        zap: Zip
    }
    class C{
        a: A
        b: B
        flip: Flap
    }
    C *-- A: a
    C *-- B: b
```

> ### Mermaid don't cover my case, what should I do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mermaid doesn't cover my case, what should I do?
```

> If mermaid don't cover your case, please add both the rendered image and the source code to the documentation. Most of the tools for diagramming can export a non-rendered representation that can then be updated by other people. Please name it such that it is clear what tool was used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If mermaid doesn't cover your case, please add both the rendered image and the source code to the documentation. Most of the tools for diagramming can export a non-rendered representation that can then be updated by other people. Please name it such that it is clear what tool was used.
```
